-----------------------------------------
Software Requirement 
Specifications
For
Face Detection 
System
-----------------------------------------

Project By -
SIB 09 Tanmay Limje
SIB 14 Manish Modak
SIB 17 Aman Munjewar

Table of Contents
1. Introduction
1.1 Purpose
1.2 Scope of project
1.3 Definitions and acronyms
2. System Overview
2.1 Functional requirements
2.2 Non-Functional requirements
2.3 System requirements

1. Introduction 
1.1 Purpose
This document of Software Requirement Specifications (SRS) specifies the requirements for a Face identity System. This software documented in this SRS is intended to solve problems faced by security gate guards.
1.2 Scope of project
Face Detection System is a program that combines various tools and methods to create a better management system for entries of hostilites(Hostel Students).
This program will be used in the following cases
Necessary images and information will be taken by Admin for face detection at the time of registering to the hostel.
These images and information will be stored in a database fully accessed by Admin and partially accessed by developers
At the time of the entry of a student, Admin will scan the face to mark the entry as in/out.
The program will also Give a list of students that are out after curfew.
Security guards and Hostel Warden as Admin and Hostilites (Hostel Students) are expected users that will engage with the system.
1.3 Definitions and acronyms
Admin  - Someone who is given specific permissions for managing 		        and controlling the system.
Users   - Hostel Students.
SRS       - Software Requirement Specifications
2. System Overview
2.1 Functional Requirements
2.1.1 Storing new faces in the database in case of new entry for new user.
2.1.2 Making log for students entering/exiting from the campus after each scan.
2.1.3 Report a late entry after time out. 
2.1.4 Automatically turn on the flashlight if it is dark.
2.1.5 Generate a report of daily operations for the admin.
2.2 Non-Functional Requirements
2.2.1 It should scan face in under 2 seconds.
2.2.2 Give a prompt if the system does not recognize a face.
2.2.3 The system should be able to distinguish between twins.  
2.3 System Requirements
2.3.1 The device running the application should have internet speed of 100 KB/s.
2.3.2 While scanning a face, the face should be in 2-meter range. 
2.3.3 The device running the application should have a high-resolution camera.
